- Despite their presence and persistence in the workplace,
women are often paid and promoted
less than their male contemporaries.
- This has to change,
and the organizations who get this right
have a competitive advantage.
They can expect higher levels of innovation,
employee satisfaction, and engagement.
- Hello there, I'm Dr. Daisy Lovelace,
and this is my friend and colleague, Dr. Carolyn Goerner.
- We're business school professors,
coaches, and consultants.
We have expertise in leadership, communication,
and human resource management.
Best practice in this area
demands a strategy for inclusive excellence,
which means fostering environments where women can thrive.
- And research shows us that women are just as accomplished
and aspire to similar goals as men do,
yet we see few reaching the highest levels of leadership
in most fields.
- And that's something we need to talk about.
This course isn't about fixing women
or telling women to be more like men.
- [Daisy] In fact, we don't take a deficit view of women.
Women and men have different strengths.
And by harnessing both,
organizations and their people can thrive.
- This course is for women
and the men who want to collaborate with them.
Join us as we explore
common experiences women in leadership face
and discuss strategies to address and overcome them.